README.asciidoc, before:

= Keepoff =

by Kyle Machulis <kyle@nonpolynomial.com>

Nonpolynomial Labs - http://www.nonpolynomial.com

== Updates ==

Keepoff is in heavy development, but mostly on the electronics side.
Most updates are currently posted to qDot's twitter account for the
time being.

http://www.twitter.com/qdot

== Description ==

Keepoff is a project to reverse engineer with BeatBots/WowToys
MyKeepon Dancing robot. 

http://mykeepon.com/

It contains instructions for wiring up the bot, an arduino program for
basic hardware communication, and a library for controlling the
hardware from a computer.

Documentation of communications protocols and hardware are also
provided.

== Package Information ==

Source repo @ http://www.github.com/qdot/keepoff

== Library Requirements ==

* Python - http://www.python.org
* PySerial - http://pyserial.sourceforge.net
* Ardino - http://www.arduino.cc

== License ==

---------------------
Copyright (c) 2011, Kyle Machulis/Nonpolynomial Labs
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, 
with or without modification, are permitted provided 
that the following conditions are met:

   * Redistributions of source code must retain the 
     above copyright notice, this list of conditions 
     and the following disclaimer.
   * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the 
     above copyright notice, this list of conditions and 
     the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or 
     other materials provided with the distribution.
   * Neither the name of the Nonpolynomial Labs nor the names 
     of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote 
     products derived from this software without specific 
     prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND 
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR 
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR 
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, 
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
---------------------

Commit message:

Added links to images of circuit boards

README.asciidoc, after:

= Keepoff =

by Kyle Machulis <kyle@nonpolynomial.com>

Nonpolynomial Labs - http://www.nonpolynomial.com

== Updates ==

Keepoff is in heavy development, but mostly on the electronics side.
Most updates are currently posted to qDot's twitter account for the
time being.

http://www.twitter.com/qdot

== Description ==

Keepoff is a project to reverse engineer with BeatBots/WowToys
MyKeepon Dancing robot. 

http://mykeepon.com/

It contains instructions for wiring up the bot, an arduino program for
basic hardware communication, and a library for controlling the
hardware from a computer.

Documentation of communications protocols and hardware are also
provided.


== Board Image ==

An annotated image of the circuit board is available at

http://www.flickr.com/photos/qdot76367/6296272375/in/photostream

== Package Information ==

Source repo @ http://www.github.com/qdot/keepoff

== Library Requirements ==

* Python - http://www.python.org
* PySerial - http://pyserial.sourceforge.net
* Ardino - http://www.arduino.cc

== License ==

---------------------
Copyright (c) 2011, Kyle Machulis/Nonpolynomial Labs
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, 
with or without modification, are permitted provided 
that the following conditions are met:

   * Redistributions of source code must retain the 
     above copyright notice, this list of conditions 
     and the following disclaimer.
   * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the 
     above copyright notice, this list of conditions and 
     the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or 
     other materials provided with the distribution.
   * Neither the name of the Nonpolynomial Labs nor the names 
     of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote 
     products derived from this software without specific 
     prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND 
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR 
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR 
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, 
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
---------------------
